[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: When you are
developing your WAP
with a local development server,
build system, caching headers,
and a service worker,
it gets hard to tell
if a stale version is being
served from the server
or it's just lingering
in one of the caches.
Or maybe the build system
hasn't even kicked in yet.
One small trick to
easily figure out
if the fault is on the client
side or on the server side
is to use cURL.
cURL is a command line tool
that makes the HTTP request
and shows you the
response of the server,
but you don't need to learn
all the options that cURL has.
DevTools has learned
them for you.
If you right-click in your
request in the DevTools Network
tab, you can select
Copy, Copy as cURL.
Your clipboard now
contains a cURL command
that exactly mimics the request
that Chrome has sent off,
including user agent,
cookies, compression, and all
the other HTTP request headers.
Paste it into your
console and you
will see the response the
server sends without any caches
or service workers in place.
An additional tip is
to use the dash-I flag
so cURL prints out the
response headers as well.
If the response is
not what you expected,
your server or your build
system is the culprit.
If the response is
correct, you need
to check your caches
or your service worker.
Terminal tricks--
got to love them.
See you next time.
Have you used Firebase before?
Because if not, I did a
livestream with David East
from Firebase, and we
built something together.
You should go watch that.
But you can also
subscribe to get
notified about new
Supercharged every Thursday.